Break up H2 Frame Considerations (#2698)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-http.md

operations on the dependency tree such as reparenting a subtree are not
commutative, both sender and receiver must apply them in the same order to
ensure that both sides have a consistent view of the stream dependency tree.

To achieve in-order delivery of priority changes in HTTP/3, PRIORITY frames are
sent as the first frame on a request stream or on the control stream.  Because
ordering between these streams is not guaranteed, the assumption that the
PRIORITY frame on the request stream, if any, always comes first is explicitly
stated.

Exclusive prioritization has been removed, since implicitly reprioritizing other
streams which might or might not exist yet is prone to race conditions even with
the assumptions used to permit initial PRIORITY frames on request streams.

HTTP/3 permits the prioritization of requests, pushes and placeholders that each
exist in separate identifier spaces. The HTTP/3 PRIORITY frame replaces the
stream dependency field with fields that can identify the element of interest
and its dependency.

### Header Compression Differences

HPACK was designed with the assumption of in-order delivery. A sequence of

> encoded header blocks must arrive (and be decoded) at an endpoint in the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
encoded header block fragments must arrive (and be decoded) at an endpoint in the same
```

Reviewer 2: The concept of header block fragments is an h2 thing.  h3 provides the entire header block in one go, more or less, right?

Reviewer: yeah I was looking at this from the wrong perspective. Header blocks is fine, I take back the suggestion.
